Update upstream collector dependancies to v0.58.0 (#1414)
aws-observability/aws-otel-collector: README.md

|---------------------------------|-------------------------------|------------------------------------|------------------------|
| prometheusreceiver              | attributesprocessor           | `awsxrayexporter`                  | healthcheckextension   |
| otlpreceiver                    | resourceprocessor             | `awsemfexporter`                   | pprofextension         |

> | `awsecscontainermetricsreceiver`| batchprocessor                | `prometheusremotewriteexporter`    | zpagesextension        |

Author: good Catch, Thanks anthony

|                                 | cumulativetodeltaprocessor    | sapmexporter                       |                        |
|                                 | deltatorateprocessor          | signalfxexporter                   |                        |
|                                 |                               | logzioexporter                     |                        |

> \* Note that the `awsprometheusremotewriteexporter` will be removed after v0.20.0. Users who want to send metrics to Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus will need to instead use the [Prometheus Remote Write Exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/exporter/prometheusremotewriteexporter/README.md) along with the [Sigv4 Authenticator Extension](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/extension/sigv4authextension/README.md) to achieve the same result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* Note that the `awsprometheusremotewriteexporter` will be removed in v0.21.0. Users who want to send metrics to Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus will need to instead use the [Prometheus Remote Write Exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/exporter/prometheusremotewriteexporter/README.md) along with the [Sigv4 Authenticator Extension](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/extension/sigv4authextension/README.md) to achieve the same result.
```
